talk boys and girls alright in the video
of today is the continuation of that video 15
meters bottles but they say everything this time
I came to show to 16 the phrases that the
More men talk
I'm sure many women and
many young people will identify themselves as
this kiss
so if you like to the positive there
to help and follow me in my networks
social and know it must be good tone
if you want to give some cities
I 've been watching videos that
you like monster and is now ready
ready
without him being the hottie
You can let the lie, I was not love.
according to the tents a robot and paranoia
in the case of mines living there will not be much
tact not even know at home are
get quiet, my brother will have none
Woman talking to me the brothers if you
believe in you and my God neither
imagine searching at home
My love, when are you going to see him play?
soccer ball with my friends good vote
evening
as we have called to give by
praised your clothes any clothes are good
It's good, it's going to be great, let's play one.
party is very stylish, not even a sign that
I do not know that you do this very well.
in the game and never saw in my life